In this lesson we are going to learn about user stories and in the previous lessons we have learned
about user scenarios so using scenarios are the short story.
Sometimes a bit long but they are mostly in a story format which shows all the soundings like a story.
What is happening what was happening outside.
Things like that but user stories even the name is user story.
They are very short one line sentence and they are going to show the user requirements.
Okay so they are coming from.
They will be written in a format which is from users perspective that this is the need of the user.
And this is how they are going to interact with the system.
And this is the benefit they will get from this interaction so juicy stories are attached to personas.
Are your users or VLC rules.
So it is actually you can say requirements gathering for all your work roles and personas.
Now let's see how we are going to write a user story so the user story format.
It is very simple very straightforward.
As a user and at the place of the user you can use a Volcker rule like in my case it could be administrator
of my site.
It could be C or who is willing to see the reports sales reports and then their need.
I want to have this or I have on to have this feature.
I want to be able to do this so that I can get this benefit.
So why actually do they need this feature.
So we also want to have both the need and its benefit.
What actually is they are going to get from it so you can see in my frog land example you can see it's
a busy mom busy dad or college dean they are actually the users or personas and benefit is of a value
they are going to get out of using my system or my product like saving time like maybe ordering before
the summer or automate my workflow automate my things things like that now here are a few user stories
from my fraud land startup and you can see we're here as an administrator.
I want to create edit and delete products easily so I can save time and manage my products so we can
also separate them in each sentence like create products added products DEET products.
Or we can mix them all into one use a story that is up to you.
Then we have a busy mom so you can see the need of a busy mom is I want to order using WhatsApp number
only so I can feel safe and order without e-mail.
So actually the what is the benefit they have aren't they actually their problem is they want to feel
safe and order without an email.
So it could not be always a WhatsApp number.
This is up to us to decide in the design process our implementation process that how we can make our
website secure and we can let our users order without email.
Maybe they can log in using a phone number or mobile number.
So this is open.
Okay.
Then we have the third which is another college girl or teen girl which was another our archetype in
our personas as a college girl or teenage girl.
I want to get my package within two days so the package dies before my sister's birthday.
So this is actually a user need that they want to track their package.
They want to see when it is going to be delivered.
Will it be in the morning or will they be receiving it in the noon afternoon or whatever.
So this is actually another user need and their benefit.
They are going to get from them attached to user personas so this is all about user stories.
They are very simple very easy.
Now why do we write user stories so actually we write them so we can get what will be the cost.
So actually in from these whole user stories we are going to get that requirement.
So these are the features we want to build in our product to compensate or to fulfill these user needs
and these user satisfactions.
So we have the list.
Now we have all the list of all the features or functions users and our vulnerable wants and why actually
divorced it so we can easily estimate no costs and development times what are or what are the features
we actually want to build.
What are the features we can't build because of the cost limitations or development time limitation.
We can also discuss with our stakeholders different stakeholders EU and other people that these are
the things we cannot fulfill or these other user stories.
We cannot sort out right now.
Maybe in the next please we can fulfill them.
So this is all about user stories.
I am going to give you templates and an exercise to create some user stories so let's move on to the
next lesson.